hello welcome to another Photoshop
tutorial I'm Robert Baldwin and today
we're taking a look at eyes we're gonna
enhance the color change the color and
even make eyes glow alright let's get to
it
Oh guys I've opened up a photograph here
in Photoshop first thing is let's take a
look at the eyes here there's already a
lot of color in the eyes there's a lot
of detail in the eyes this is good to
work with if the quality of your
photograph is not very high and your the
eyes are very dark these techniques may
not work but still play around with them
and have some fun so first we're going
to do is a basic kind of brightening of
the eyes and come here and choose the
Dodge tool this way here and bring it
down to we want to just get around the
eye this way here so that's probably
good and all we're going to do is simply
click and brighten up the eye just like
that so that just brightens up
everything let's revert back to the
beginning now let's add some color okay
because it's a good detail here but the
eye color is not the greatest so let's
pick a brush try to get that same kind
of down or going again create a new
layer let's make them the eyes blue this
is pick a nice blue here like this then
we're simply going to draw in let's go
full opacity something a drawing around
the eye if you go over the the center
that's fine here we kind of want to get
around the hair we can always a mascara
after and all we're going to do is come
here to our blending options and click
on overlay and we've got ourselves some
nice blue eyes this way here now using
the same technique as my last tutorial a
simple adjustment of hue and saturation
on that on that layer there we can just
simply change the hue we can change the
eyes so you see that we're getting an
nice green yellow kind of a creepy
creepy red going here alright since that
it's that easy to change change eye
color the last thing we want to do is
make the eyes glow so we're going to
change this from overlay to add this way
here okay and what we can do is create
another layer make that block so make
that layer block take your initial layer
here duplicate it bring it down drag it
duplicate it and the bottom one we're
going to come here and we're going to
blur a bit of a blur like this
okay and then we're going to create
another layer and we're going to blur it
even more just like that
now take all those layers come up here
to image
sorry layer merge layers let's going
create one layer change that to linear
dodge pad okay
and now we've got some creepy glowing
eyes let's colorize that
and I got your kind of creepy eyes going
on here
now I would mask out this little this
area around the hair because it's not
looking all that great so we can easily
just take a black brush here this right
here and just very lightly draw out
where the hair is kind of coming through
this way here to make that look a little
better okay so it's just that easy to
enhance the color change the color or
even a make eyes glow using Photoshop
for more tutorials and photoshop
training please check out 10 minute
photoshop calm thanks for watching
I'm Norah Baldwin please check me out on
Twitter thank you very much have a nice
day